and that's our unboxing the jbj's
actually not so sorry weapon because
I'll do the logo is still synonymous
do not strike elite but from the whole
normal enzberg weapon just
getting a new design is once
to see the and track logo and japan
but out
with two ladders one of the delivers without
get involved
because these are written black and we
practice that in there you do not see but
it does not paint black but what
directly also still cool noticed here
In front is such a small orange part
been made of it
also not from here with the rating
from the logo as well so now that one
little accident are not for me
as well as others actually say there
also to adapt exactly the same way
that this part
and yes loaded the part of reinsteckt
too heavy for the down a lever now
not so graf So now you can here
I actually recommend it relatively
could make the home here
maybe two little things here
you can improve the white now
looks a bit harder here
not so good out here either
not as 19
the edges are not very clean
but there is actually more
on the firepower and that is
of course at the j enormous for such a
small weapons and yes the two defects the
you can fix that
ok I think that's it was ours
short unboxing george we are there
at the next video